oh yeah babe it baby all right so we're
gonna get straight to the first match
right here just like the other ICS
that's not that's not true that but uh
the more I'm more likely voted most
likely to wobble against against window
right now and the Falcon but also has
the opportunity to go up I'm only class
little character yeah you would see as
Fox before anything after this
absolutely limbo definitely a master of
character variety around here obviously
found a notoriously for having a great
ice climbers matchup so obviously he's
going to let to go to his home grown man
mr. character he started out with the
cat Falcon is putting it up quite a bit
of work just attending here I shouts a
Nintendo after placing 17th at the
largest major tournament ever that being
evo 2014 so you notice guy a definite no
slouch not at all been a dominating
president region for quite a long time
limbo no stranger to taking games off
top players and looking to add another
one to that list right now off to a
pretty strong starter intended let's get
the grass doesn't make anything out of
the note oh but that trade definitely
benefiting him right there and we are
tied up for stocks at peace let's get in
it I can see like right now one goes
doing a lot of you know try to shred up
platform and play he doesn't want to
stay on the ground too long you know in
fear of the grab but I when he when he
goes in he tries to get that big damage
as you can see right now oh nana just
barely be able to make it only miss the
needle unfortunate frame all here it is
yes does a shortage of equality wobbly
wobbly WOB would be wah wah wah wah
I told you I won't vote it most likely
to wobble and he's go ahead so her is
true he's making all the class per hour
right now everyone wimbo in a precarious
situation here forcing his way back to
the stage however excellent stuff an
attendee still in pretty good control
here
boos that need so pro is no mo how to a
little sample for you
oh ok nice stuff right there all right
Scout of the grab absolutely one ball
forcing its way in here nice knees older
man I actually come and do like I get
off a man's go oh ok I'll one for it one
for the win for it all right there but
uh just uh did you get that exact Haiti
meter right they're gonna go for the dog
kick she's actually jump Oh way low
right there I've got it though but uh
Mike tile I'll oh it wasn't it was a
pretty good decision to go that road we
just didn't ok come on come on flash
nice down smash
all right down her off stage right now
but Mike always ready to save his woman
oh nice back here wow wow that was so
good got him actually state spike Popo
ever look awfully low costly right there
from like my car or Nintendo want to try
to go get out gnana back and kind of
paid for it nice and they're still
living it's a second jump that rude are
you long what no I don't think I don't
know if when boat that's unfortunate
that's unfortunately that's how it be
sometimes but I be sometimes hobbies and
stuff intended able to weather the storm
despite a very aggressive start from
when Bo in the early game so big shout
to him we're going to see if what i was
going to like to stick with this
falconer me bust out the I don't
know personal stick with the Falcon I
like the way it was playing I don't need
is a solid you have indeed anything
wrong I just like return to happen out
playing and the long run there likes to
like the young guard that he is yes
although I don't think he's young so how
about guys I don't know man we talked
about you know most voted most likely i
was thinking like class and ninety 90
water so i don't smash her in the game
ranked game you don't look at though
he's easily young-looking god yeah then
we are going right back to Dreamland for
game number two don't call it a
soldier's run back just looking for that
effectiveness that we saw game one
sergeant run backs away more common to
this game anyway because you got like
five stages pretty much that's that's a
real that's a real safelist we need that
back well I feel like it said she was
sick well that was ship at what ought to
it's not like they just hurt like
alright some stuff won't ever come from
the platform idea i mean like where he
was i thought he was going to try to go
for a knee in like maybe even he shook
on the tin to outright they're going
high yet again to the trust i'm trying
to keep me back off stage nice stuff
this soap oh for sure he gonna practice
with my practice this only absolutely
just so far as dangerous don't get it
twisted that's something as I star
player you have to have a very polished
so far I mean it's just it's just it's
mandatory at this point oh yeah taking
this time here will appreciate it want
that for hop right there oh that looks
extra risky right there with Nick did
get a punish off for this up oh stop on
attending yet again you can falcon into
the air trying to limit those options
this man hate this man got rid of Nana a
long time ago he just now put on some
extra % like his voice Oh PO ooh good
spacing on that so I'm coming in with
the news neutral air and just tagged the
feet with that hammer with the nooch the
nooch
oh hi good stuff and that was excellent
reaction time from limbo right there saw
the role come and punish pour lundi and
that's gonna even himself let's stuff in
limbo here only at ten percent oh man
every time and energy to get caught up
with her shield down like she is not
about that life all right no one low man
doesn't make it right there just a
little bit misplaced off by dint into he
almost got the back here than you wanted
oh and I coming back yeah she was a
little bit too long I think he's gonna
be able to save it at that time okay
nice
okay right now yeah it's kind of nice
basing on that one too yeah definitely
avoided this wall hammering while still
getting his on hitbox out there so all
right why any heat into he'll cancel
that step boys rude like you ain't go
punish bitch won't go all right night
that I or less cancel right there try to
go for the belay just get an actual
damage whatever he can oh hi sack air
that came out of nowhere oh yeah by the
animation they need to finish it just
what to the next three frames just like
you Hardy and land alegre never see them
okay go Joe you're not over here she got
some platinum game they're right they
try to get the read with that down and
down / and I'm lookout for a man oh yeah
let you know turn to a level nine real
quick time well should let you know
quick yeah he bought me that cool you
good okay
so it looks like it looks like order to
be honest all those like when most kind
of slowed it down a little bit more make
them make the game his pace doesn't like
he did really good at the beginning last
game it seems like he started rushing it
and there's that wobble wobble wobble
wobble sorry be sometimes so I thought
you could say maybe like that sometimes
during a lot to hold hair did it oh my
god i don't okay i gotta miss all that
powered me though definitely I feel a he
really needed help that was a good idea
toast man works out at golds gym all
power Oh big damage once again I it
looks like Mike now made the adjustments
to take that could be it that's going to
do it the tender clutches out on the
last stock and is able to take out limbo
despite our very very solid game to
limbo yeah break game